Add auto glossary for DG (#521)
AY2223S1-CS2103T-W16-2/tp: docs/_dg/implementations/TagFeatures.md

    * Easily extensible (defining a new `Tag` or `Item` can be as simple as creating a new node in the tree)

  * Cons:

>     * Example of over-engineering, unnecessarily complicating things, as compared to alternative 1

Reviewer: Phrasing is a bit weird. Thoughts on the following?

```suggestion
    * Example of over-engineering, unnecessarily complicates things when compared to alternative 1
```

Author: Yep sounds good
